I felt decided to do a quick video for
you is any of you having problems where
you got an android phone say France I've
got a Samsung Galaxy S here only a
couple months old and you've got to that
stage where whenever you go on to the
Android Market you cannot actually
download any applications or games or
run off basically when you try and hit
the download you go okay
download it root all the options and it
says starting download but instantly
stops and says download unsuccessful or
download cancel things like that it does
it with everything you try and download
and I've been searching either on the
net quite a lot about this because I did
have the problem a long time ago when I
first got the phone a lot of people were
saying that you could either make sure
you're signed into Google Talk which I
did a bit research but there is no
effectively Google Talk for the Android
there's Google Mail there's you know you
get other ways of getting to your Google
Mail make sure you've signed in to your
Google Mail for your Android Market
things like that but none of it still
worked and so what I did I did a bit
more research and people say and they
could do factory reset now I did this
and it did work for me in the end so you
can give it a go now I'm gonna warn you
now if you do a factory reset it does
delete everything off your phone so it
deletes all your contacts where you
pictures anything that's saved actually
on your phone stay with your sim or if
you're on a PC save it to keys for your
contacts for me personally when it comes
to saving my contacts I actually I save
everything to Google itself why not
Google is actually quite easy system
when you've got an Android phone for
instance on my phone here you can see
you've got the Google like icon next yep
so I think why not
and anyway back to this situation when
you want to do factories that go to
settings and you want to go to privacy
and as you can see the second option
there
is doing a factory data reset you can
try that first of all I did it first
time and yes it deleted everything off
took a bit of time started up again
coming through the data Morneau and it
did work for a couple of hours that I
could actually download my applications
are working fine so on so forth but then
again it stopped the next thing you can
actually try is turn off your actual
phone and wait until your icons go dead
now there's different ways of doing this
for define Android phones this is for
the Galaxy S I'll say but try and find
out how to do a solid refactor reset on
your phone what you want to do is on the
Gantt anyway you've got a powerup you've
got your power so volume up your power
button and your home button you're going
to hold all three of those buttons at
the same time when your phone is powered
off and everything's shut down
completely and will then give you the
option to do a factory boot which then
basically again wipes everything off the
phone and starts right I did that when I
got back into the phone before I started
downloading applications or not I
actually make sure that things such as
anything that was to deal with Google
Mail Irish signed into it so for
instance on every phone it should be
some sort of standard emailing system
now let me just find so for instance on
this there's actually mail just there I
logged in to that make sure because I've
got to Google mail accounts I signed
into both then make sure they're all up
and running after I've done that I made
sure that I downloaded things like the
actual Google Mail app for the phone and
logged into that made sure it was up and
running just anything that had Google
Mail and can log into it
I signed into it and so far I've had my
phone about three months now and I've
not had any other problems but it's
still working perfectly fine so I hope
that's a fix for you and it's pretty
much quite a quick video quite a simple
video in fact but please comment rate
and subscribe if you're having problems
give me a shout I will try and help you
anything with the actual Samsung Galaxy
I'm still learning myself but I'll try
and find out for you other phones I'm
afraid I can't help you because
I don't know on how to do factory sets
for them if in doubt google it
simplest way but I will try and help you
as much as possible I hope to do more
videos in the future
so just if you have any ideas something
give me a shout
and I will try and do some videos where
so I hope you enjoy the rest of your day
and we'll see you next time